I review new releases and I occasionally
do retro reviews because it's nice to
call on a spanking milf now and again
when you get sick of waiting for her
overpriced daughter to download the
latest handjob updates but these two
responsibilities have been overlapping a
lot lately with the current crop of
remastering
and a mother-daughter threesomes always
sound fun in theory but I find they very
easily turn weird this week subject is
Zelda Majora's Mask on 3ds and natural
secondary heave for Nintendo to make
after the initial chunder that was
ocarina of time three day and as in that
case I'd never played it before I knew
it by reputation of course when the
nintendo fanboys come at me for saying
that zelda games are Semyon toothless
and I'm forced to smash their heads in
with a piece of bent rebar the words
Majora's Mask always seem to be written
on the piece of paper they have instead
of a brain I did know that it had some
kind of time loop mechanic that's
supposed to be good but I find it hard
to believe that Nintendo came up with a
good game mechanic that they have not
since milked to oblivion but I was
pleasantly surprised by Majora's Mask
how a Zelda game usually works is their
evil threatens to land in some
unspecific manner and then link shows up
all predestined hero like and the gods
shower him with equipment and praise and
ear massages and he saves the people and
resolves conflict everywhere he goes
until his feet don't touch the ground
and the Sun shines out of his sexless
pee hole meanwhile Majora's Mask starts
by taking that noble destined hero flush
with triumph from Ocarina of Time and
kicking his fucking teeth in a
mischievous entity referred to as Skull
Kid Nick's Link's horse turns him into a
novelty pong and giggling Lee teabags
his nose hole for a few minutes before
running off to make the moon smashed
into a sleepy carnival town successfully
murdering the world see Ganondorf this
guy isn't even the cosmic predestined
all-powerful master of evil and he did a
better job than you've ever done
he said I want to murder the world moon
smash BAM none of this swatting about on
top of a castle waiting to the hero to
show up so he can try out his new sneer
but as we all know the gods of Hyrule
are nothing if not cheating
motherfuckers and so link is empowered
to repeat the three days leading up to
the disaster until he can jolly well
pull his socks up d novelty bong himself
and sort shit out and I found is all
rather appealing Lee cynical I did the
usual thing that I do and gave link of a
seizures name to my own bitter amusement
in this case useless and this proved
unintentionally kind of apropos because
while you do get to transfer your tools
and songs from one time loop to the next
and your money if you remember to give
it to the weird bloke who flops up and
down like a circus seal in a headlock
everything you've achieved gets undone
so you do the usual Zelda thing and
travel from land to land righting wrongs
usually in the form of a dungeon boss
who was leaning on a big lever with make
surrounding area shitty written on it so
everything unsheathe ease after they die
but the situation's don't stay unsuited
when you revert back to the
out of the time loop and all he can do
then is leave them to rot I only
unseated the Goron lands a second time
so I could win the races and get the
sword upgrade a rather mercenary
attitude for a destined hero
I hate when Zelda games tried to
characterize Linc aka useless aka snot
hat because as we all know by now with
the exception of Wind Waker link he has
no personality he'd be played in the
film by Orlando Bloom I particularly
hate when female characters have the
hots for him I don't know what the fuck
signals these women think they're
getting from him because he's got the
expression of an untuned TV set
that's still the case in majora's mask
but it takes probably the best approach
possible for an uncharacterized main
character everyone barely registers his
presence they don't expect him to save
the world and many don't seem to realize
it needs saving at all he disguises
himself as a goron and his Zora various
times when he's saving their respective
lands and so his actions get attributed
to whoever he's disguised as link
himself ghosts through life invisible a
permanent outsider wearing whatever face
he needs to gain trust so he can steal
everyone's shit without even permanently
fixing their lives
it's like quantum leap for bastards so
Majora's Mask appeals to me from a
philosophical standpoint but the
gameplay has its niggles Zelda games
just can't seem to get the hang of this
whole targeting thing can I please focus
on the massive monster that is the only
feature of this entire fucking room
before it knocks me on my ass doesn't
seem like that unreasonable of a request
that the game would disagree also
majora's mask dates back to before the
era of creepy hand-holding until the way
forward can be rather obscure I don't
mind having to Intuit a few things but
I'd like to know how it makes any kind
of sense that I can't access the eastern
lands until I put on the mask of a dead
Ninja Warrior which is for some reason
in the possession of too flamboyant
German porn stars who run the racetrack
and the time loop mechanic brings its
own annoyances such as having to sit
through a character's introduction to
the fifth time when you just want to buy
a map without having to watch various
wobbly bits flop around in a green
leotard like they're trying
understandably to escape I eventually
became paranoid about starting anything
if it wasn't still morning on the first
day the number of times I'd be most of
the way through a dungeon or collected
five of the seven sacred monkey bullets
only the moon to go here you looking at
my bird and head but the planet
Glaswegian style sending me back to
start all over again but I suppose
that's part of the fun it's the whole
point really you're not special anymore
useless the villains not going to be
moments away from enacting their master
plan for the next seven hours while they
obligingly wait for you to Hoover up
gold skulltulas it's not terribly big
for a Zelda game and the ending can't
help being an anti-climax the moon goes
away life goes on and no one seems to
give a shit but it's intriguing
nonetheless it's almost a metaphor for
the futility of existence you can work
your sexy little elf boy gams off trying
to make a difference but in the end none
of it matters because chaos represented
our planning nonce with the disease
pineapple for a face will make it all
for naught in the end or maybe I'm
reading too much into things just a
cautionary tale about buying the right
size green leotard
you